	3. Starfighter:
	i. The Starfighter is at least 4 pixels and no more than 7 pixels in height
	ii. The Starfighter is at least 5 pixels and no more than 15 pixels in width
	iii. The Starfighter has a turret from which the linear wave-guide of the Plasma Cannon extends. This will look like a short straight line and is included
	in the 7 pixel height limit. All further mentions of Starfighter include the turret.
	iv. When the game starts or resets, the Starfighter is horizontally centred in the bottom 8 rows (i.e. rows 40 - 47) of the screen, or as close to the centre
	as possible given the geometry of your design
	v. When the game starts or resets, the Starfighter is stationary

	4. Falling objects:
	i. Asteroids fall from the top of the screen, two seconds after the game is started or restarted, and pose a danger to the Starfighter
	ii. Initially, three Asteroids spawn at random horizontal positions above the top of the screen, and move smoothly into view one row of pixels at a time
	(i.e: they do not simply appear).
	v. If a falling object touches the Deflector Shield, the object disappears and the remaining useful life of the Deflector Shield decreases
	vi. When hit by a Plasma Bolt (see below) Asteroids split to form two Boulders, and Boulders split to form two Fragments. Fragments just disappear
	when hit by a Plasma Bolt
	ix. Asteroids are 7 by 7 pixels, shaped like diamonds.
	x. Boulders are 5 by 5 pixels, shaped like diamonds
	xi. Fragments are 3 by 3 pixels, shaped like plus symbols.

	5. Game Status Information
	On teensy screen
	i. Game time
	ii. Remaining Useful Life
	iii. Score
	Sent to computer
	iv. Game time 
	v. Lives
	vi. Score
	vii. Number of asteroids on screen
	viii. Number of boulders on screen
	ix. Number of fragments on screen
	x. Plasma bolts on screen
	xi. Aim of turret
	xii. Speed of game

	6. Game Status control:
	i. If the game is not paused the game status information will be sent to the computer only
	ii. However, if the game is paused the 'On teensy screen' information specified above will be displayed on the screen along with the sending the status
	to the computer.

	7. Collision Detection:
	i. Pixel level collision detection

	8. Starfighter Movement:
	i. At the beginning of the game, the Starfighter is randomly assigned a velocity, by default, that is speed 1 in either the left or right direction.
	ii. From a stationary position, pressing Joystick Left or 'a' causes the Starfighter's velocity to increase in the left direction
	iii. From a stationary position, pressing Joystick Right or 'd' causes the Starfighter's velocity to increase in the right direction
	v. From a left velocity, pressing Joystick Right or 'd', causes the Starfighter's velocity to change to 0, stopping the Starfighter's movement.
	vii. From a right velocity, pressing Joystick Left or 'a', causes the Starfighter's velocity to change to 0, stopping the Starfighter's movement.
	viii. When the Starfighter hits either side of the screen, it stops moving.

	9. Plasma Cannon Aiming Direction: 
	i. In the Plasma Cannon coordinate system, 0 degrees is taken to be straight up. The Plasma Cannon is restricted to aim between 60 degrees left of
	centre (-60) and 60 degrees right of centre (+60).
	ii. Setting the left potentiometer to its physical minimum position corresponds to -60. Setting it to its maximum position corresponds to +60
	iii. The Plasma Cannon should visibly move to reflect the current angle as accurately as possible
	iv. Whenever an 'o' command is received, the numeric value supplied overrides the potentiometer value for one second or until a new 'o' command
	is received. The state of the Plasma Cannon visibly reflects this.

	10. Firing Plasma Bolts:
	i. Plasma bolts are fired if either the Joystick Up is pressed or 'w' is received via USB serial, but only if at least 0.2 seconds has elapsed since the last
	Plasma Bolt was fired.
	ii. Plasma bolts travel in the direction at which the Plasma Cannon was aimed when they were launched, moving with constant velocity
   	iii. Plasma bolts disappear when they hit a falling object, or when they reach the edge of the screen
	iv. The maximum number of plasma bolts on screen at any given time is a fixed quantity (which you must choose), at least 20, and at most 100. 
	v. If Joystick Up or 'w' is pressed and the maximum number of plasma bolts is already present on screen, nothing happens. 
	vi. When a plasma bolt hits an Asteroid, the score increments by 1.
	vii. When a plasma bolt hits a Boulder, the score increments by 2
	viii. When a plasma bolt hits a Fragment, the score increments by 4.

	11. Introduction:
	i. The introduction can be exited/skipped by pressing Left Button or 'r'
	ii. Student number 
	iii. Game title
	iv. Some kind of animation 
	v. Use of PWM to adjust the brightness of the back-light (either on or off is up to you).

	13. Game time and Game start
	i. The game time is derived from one of the Teensy's on-board timers and is incremented at approximately 1 second intervals.
	ii. The game time starts when the user releases the program from pause mode. At that time, status information is sent to the computer along with a
	"game started" message

	14. Game pause:
	i. The game is paused by pressing Joystick Center or 'p'
	ii. When the game is paused the game time stops incrementing. Any period during which play was paused is demonstrably NOT included in the
	elapsed game time.
	iii. To resume, Joystick Center or 'p' is pressed again. Game time resumes incrementing.

	15. Warning lights:
	i. If there are more Asteroids on the left side of the screen, only the Left LED flashes.
	ii. If there are more Asteroids on the right side of the screen, only the Right LED flashes. 

	16. Game over:
	i. The current status is sent to the computer along with a "game over" message.
	ii. The back-light fades off using PWM
	iii. The words game over are displayed on screen and both LEDs turn on for a duration of 2 seconds. 
	iv. The back-light fades back on using PWM, the LEDs turn off, and options to quit or restart are given

	17. Restart game:

	18. Quit game:

	19. Speed of the game: 
	i. The speed ranges from 0 (no movement) to a suitable speed that is still playable
	ii. Where the 'm' command is used to override the numeric value of the potentiometer, and you have not formulated another strategy to deal with the
	inherent conflict with the potentiometer, then a numeric value between 0 and 1023 inclusive will be parsed, and the value supplied overrides that of the 


	21. Game cheats:
	i. 'l' - set the remaining useful life of deflector
	ii. 'g' - set the score
	iii. '?' - print controls to computer screen (Putty)
	iv. 'h' - move spaceship to coordinate within the bottom 8 rows
	v. 'j' - place asteroid at coordinate 
	vi. 'k' - place boulder at coordinate
	vii. 'i' - place fragment at coordinate